B2b branding phase 1 (#7802)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/implementation/b2b/b2b-branding.md

---
title: Branding
description: Understand how you can configure Auth0 items to reflect your brand and desired user experience
toc: true
topics:
    - b2b
    - b2biam
    - branding
    - universal-login
    - login-pages
    - password-reset-pages
    - custom-domains
    - error-pages
contentType: concept
useCase:
    - user-logout
---
# Branding

<%= include('../../_includes/_branding/_introduction.md', { platform: 'b2b' }) %>

## Universal login and login pages

<%= include('../../_includes/_branding/_universal-login.md', { platform: 'b2b' }) %>

## Branding login by organization

> Whether or not you need to do special customization on the Universal Login page is determined by how you plan to manage your customers’ organizations.  Before reading through this section, make sure you have read through the Universal Login sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not you need to do special customization on the Universal Login page is determined by how you plan to manage your customers’ organizations.  Before reading through this section, make sure you have read through the [Universal Login section](#universal-login-and-login-pages) and know how you are approaching organizations by reviewing [Multiple Organization Architecture](https://drive.google.com/a/auth0.com/file/d/1y2G8RNHTBujcCrnMRhp6_phQiRAkZzfF/view?usp=sharing).
```
